So let's continue working with the variations so you can see if I make the change to Brown you can see
that there is no prize.
And as you can see what happens with this blog is unavailable.
So once you have the variations right here this will act as a total independent Bruhl.
So you can expand these and Raphael for example you can see it's regular price and the sell price so
you can set different prices for different colors.
So let's say for example that the Jell-O well is going to be $5 or something like that.
Scrotal me maybe that red Zentrum then.
And so that being then the green again then Brown then the tender blue name is the best selling.
Maybe we can charge a little more for these kind of 20 and I sell price of 15 something like these.
So save the changes.
And that's to say they up or clicking on up they never go and you can see we have from five to 15.
So this is out of the prices so you can see here on the variations you can handle everything for each
Bagration that you've got.
So for example in the case of the Royal Navy is going to be 15 in the case of the red is going to eat
them.
Angello it's going to be $5.
And it's really common especially for clothing and shoes online stores they charge different prices
for different sizes of the clothes and not so for different colors.
That's really common.
Now you can see how you can have these and this looks great.
You can see so we're changing the match on the live.